1. Native English Speaker and My English..!
2. Are you healthy?? tips for health!!!
3. Designe Patterns - Patterns by Gang of Four
4. The SDLC: 7 phases, popular models, benefits & more
5. English Grammar Lesson - All About Tenses
6. English Grammar Lesson - Parts of Speech
7. English Dictionary - Learn Frequently used Vocabulary(Most frequently used vocabulary words by Nouns, Verbs, Adjectives, Pronouns, Adverbs, & Prepositions.)
8. 

https://www.talkenglish.com/vocabulary/english-vocabulary.aspx
https://raygun.com/blog/software-development-life-cycle/
https://howtodoinjava.com/gang-of-four-java-design-patterns/
Designe Patterns - Patterns by Gang of Four 

The idea of DP was 4 people name
1.Erich Gama
2.John Vlissides
3.Ralph Johnson
4.Richard Helm

In 1959 they published Designe Patterns: Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented Software.
The book featured 23 patterns solving various problems of object oriented designe. in short people calls GoF book.

1. Creational Patterns
  1.Abstract Factory:	Creates an instance of several families of classes
  2.Builder:	        Separates object construction from its representation
  3.Factory Method:	Creates an instance of several derived classes
  4.Prototype:	        A fully initialized instance to be copied or cloned
  5.Singleton:	        A class of which only a single instance can exist

2. Structural Patterns
  6.Adapter:	Match interfaces of different classes
  7.Bridge:	Separates an object’s interface from its implementation
  8.Composite:	A tree structure of simple and composite objects
  9.Decorator:	Add responsibilities to objects dynamically
  10.Facade:	A single class that represents an entire subsystem
  11.Flyweight:	A fine-grained instance used for efficient sharing
  12.Proxy:	An object representing another object

3. Behavioral Patterns
  13.Chain of Resp. :	A way of passing a request between a chain of objects
  14.Command:    	Encapsulate a command request as an object
  15.Interpreter:	A way to include language elements in a program
  16.Iterator:   	Sequentially access the elements of a collection
  17.Mediator:  	Defines simplified communication between classes
  18.Memento:   	Capture and restore an object's internal state
  19.Observer:  	A way of notifying change to a number of classes
  20.State:     	Alter an object's behavior when its state changes
  21.Strategy:  	Encapsulates an algorithm inside a class
  22.Template Method: 	Defer the exact steps of an algorithm to a subclass
  23.Visitor:   	Defines a new operation to a class without change

Now we will look with UML and sample code to understand the concept in brief...

 
